Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Will you work for us?
Ramakant Pandit's sons.
working for a goon!
I want Mirzapur. Sharad.
Join me.
Together. we will rule Mirzapur.
I am pregnant.
We won't just kill them.
We want to snatch their power
and Mirzapur.
This could be your necessity as well.
Business in Purvanchal has stopped.
Maybe I can help you with that.
If Guddu has dared to send this.
Meaning he has joined hands with Lala.
You and I together...
will kill him.
The next round
of the election campaign begins today.
Take charge.
A white sari doesn't suit you.
Take it off.
I've never seen anyone
like you. Munna.
You will carry only the Tripathi seed.
So I wasn't shooting blanks after all.
You are carrying the Tripathi lineage.
I will survive. and so will you.
Kaleen Bhaiya's family
is weak from the inside.
I will keep my share of the deal.
you keep yours.
Guddu is behind this.
No. Someone on the inside
wants to weaken us.
We'll have to make some new alliances.
I am including Akhandanand Tripathi
in the ministry.
Aren't you in charge
of allotting the opium fields?
Allot it to Tripathi.
I did guarantee
Mirzapur to your father.
Then guarantee it to me now.
In exchange. whenever you need me.
just say the word.
Your dad... is no more. child.
We recovered these papers
and a gun from his truck.
"Jaunpur."
I have this.
We have the same goal.
but our paths are different.
The position is never permanent.
Uncle has replaced my father.
Now. someone will have
to replace my uncle as well.
We have been exploited.
Physically exploited.
The party has taken
this incident seriously.
And JP Yadav has voluntarily
turned in his resignation.
I want to propose a name.
Madhuri Yadav Tripathi.
You are not the only
man in this world...
to fall weak before a woman.
Dadda. we want to trade in opium.
I don't deal in drugs.
If you have any doubt. then say no.
My dad and brother
know about the opium.
If you apologize.
everything will be alright.
I love you.
Are you out of your mind?
It wasn't love. just a necessity.
She fucked you over.
Chotte!
Badde. are you alright?
Chotte.
Myself. Robin.
I deal in investment and money matters.
I want all the information on Guddu.
His dealings. business. everything.
You are family now.
Sir. we need your permission
to put pressure on Lala.
We will arrest Guddu Pandit as well.
On opium charges.
What do we do?
Encounter. Guddu Pandit.
Everyone will surrender peacefully.
Mr. Pandit. you come in the other car.
Run.
Mr. Maurya!
Our job is to bring people to justice.
not to give punishment!
Now. you and I are the same.
I'll demand punishment
for what I have done.
The Tripathis simply took back
the life they had granted.
You won't kill him. Maqbool.
I will.
Use this.
It's time. The family is weak.
I am giving you Mirzapur.
Munna Tripathi.
King of Mirzapur.
Guddu!
Pick him up and keep him over there.
Take it.
Careful.
Keep him down.
Anyone from the family?
Father. brother. or any other male?
But. ma'am...
Ma'am. sources say
your husband was brutally murdered.
What is your opinion. ma'am?
Madam. according to sources.
Akhandanand is also missing.
Is it true?
And if not. then why didn't he
attend his son's funeral?
Was it a gang war rivalry?
Madam. if you are not safe. then how
can the people of this state be safe?
How will the people trust you?
How will you protect them. madam?
I am the daughter of this state.
You have honored me with this title.
Today. I haven't become a widow.
Your daughter has become a widow.
Just as I alone didn't lose a father.
You all did too.
I can see the anger
and disappointment in your questions.
And I promise you.
I will endure this pain
and won't budge.
So no one can harm my family.
which is you.
We will make this a crime-free state.
And we will do it
within the purview of the law.
Jai Hind. Jai Pradesh.
There will be no more fear!
Madhuri will lead the way!
Long live...
-Lok Swaraj Party!
-IG Dubey awaits your orders
to take action on Guddu Pandit.
Not just Guddu Pandit.
The throne of Mirzapur
is what killed Munna.
My goal now is to destroy it.
It was the break of dawn. Your Honor.
I returned to my desk from the loo...
and saw Advocate Pandit sitting there.
I thought maybe he was sleepwalking.
But he said. "I want to file a complaint."
I asked. "Against whom?"
He replied. "Myself."
I said. "Good God. Mr. Pandit.
Do you want to get me fired?
Today. you will file a complaint.
Tomorrow. you will sue me."
Get to the point. Mr. Pathak.
The point is. Your Honor...
What is it?
That is what I am asking you.
That Advocate Pandit surrendered himself.
You can go now.
Would you like to shed some
light on it. Ramakant Pandit?
Papa...
I killed SSP Maurya.
And I should be punished for it.
Take it from me. Your Honor.
This is all just an act.
Explain. please.
You see. Your Honor.
Mr. Pandit is a very clever man.
He wants to gain sympathy
by surrendering in court.
So the court can be
lenient with the bugger
while announcing the sentence.
Mind your tone. Mr. Lawyer.
I am sorry. Your Honor.
I want to imply that...
it is not a case of culpable homicide.
not amounting to murder.
It is a cold-blooded.
pre-planned murder
-What is he saying?
-of an officer on duty.
-He should be convicted under sections
-It was a pre-planned murder.
302. 353.
and to be hanged till death.
But what was the motive?
His son's business interests.
Sorry.
Protecting his son's criminal activities.
And if that's not the case.
then let him prove it.
The defendant is sent to judicial custody
until the next hearing.
Jai Hind. sir.
You didn't have to surrender.
I'll get someone else to take the blame.
You won't survive prison.
Come.
I'll take you home.
Don't worry. I'll make sure
it's a criminal that takes your place.
You are a lawyer.
At least defend yourself.
What's that saying...
"Not proven. till not guilty."
"Innocent until proven guilty."
Yes. that.
So defend yourself.
If not for yourself.
do it for Mom and Dimpy.
What is this path that you've chosen?
I have chosen...
my path as you did.
My path doesn't lead
to a death sentence.
Chosen the path...
Where does it lead?
Control.
Power.
Respect.
Good luck to you then.
Go.
And listen...
My scooter is parked
at the police station.
Have it sent home.
Constable.
Let them go!
Thank you for your time.
Sit.
I regret I couldn't attend the funeral.
Couldn't or didn't want to?
My business relations with Munna...
could affect
the Honorable Chief Minister's image.
It would send the wrong message
to the people.
That's why I didn't come.
Why are you here now?
I haven't come to make
any sort of deal. Ms. Madhuri.
I just came to say...
you have my full support.
Do I need your support.
or do you need mine?
Maybe we both do.
Even I was completely lost
after my father's death.
I had no one.
That's when Munna stood by me.
So it's not about support.
When you are alone. the assurance
of someone by your side is enough.
And I've come
to give you this reassurance.
I am there by your side.
I appreciate what you are trying to say.
But remember...
A crime-free state
includes Jaunpur as well.
Don't expect any leniency.
Okay.
Thank you.
Any news of Uncle?
Who?
Kaleen Bhaiya.
Not yet.
Goodbye. Madam Chief Minister.
Goodbye.
Get only the best grains!
Give me my favorite paan with the works.
It's ready. Here.
And I am putting it in your tab.
That's the boy
who will lead us to him.
But this is an extremely
sensitive area. ma'am.
It will be wise to wait for Guddu Bhaiya.
Uncle. hello.
God bless you. Raju.
I do feel blessed.
Nephew.
Uncle. what is this? Protection?
Who are you?
He is my uncle.
Uncle.
He is a fucking asshole.
What sort of nephew
cripples his own uncle?
Kill him.
I'll pay you handsomely.
I see.
He is a bloody pauper.
Doesn't have a penny to his name.
Kill him. and I will
give you five acres of land.
Distributing land like candy.
Was the land given
to you by your father?
My father spent his life serving
in the army.
And bought 15 acres of land.
But this fucking cunt
took everything after he died.
Your father didn't have
even a centimeter of land.
He spent all his money on whores.
Did you buy it then?
With your boozing?
It belonged to our ancestors.
And your grandfather willed it to me.
Then why did you kill my brother?
Why did you shoot my brother-in-law?
Who disrespected my mother?
Who was flirting
with my sister-in-law?
Your sister-in-law
was a fucking whore...
-Shut up.
-I will fuck you!
-Sir...
-Motherfucker...
Are you two out of your wits?
What good is the land if you are dead?
You.
Continue with the surgery.
And you. Yes. you.
Split the land equally and legally.
My men will keep watch.
No bloodshed.
You don't understand.
Uncle will never agree to it.
He's a cunt.
If he doesn't.
then I will saw off both his legs.
You shouldn't be
interfering in family feuds.
We are just looking for someone.
We have no enmity with you.
We are the dons of Mirzapur.
Guddu Pandit sent us.
This is not Mirzapur.
I am the don here.
Everyone in Purvanchal reports to us.
Going against us
means going against the throne.
-Come.
-It wasn't me.
-Scoundrel.
-Please. sir!
Sir! Sir!
Sir! Please don't. sir!
It's still not decided that Guddu Pandit
will rule over Purvanchal.
It will be decided only
with the vote of all the dons.
I am letting you go
because you are a woman.
Next time. I won't be so generous.
Hey. stop!
Found it. sir!
Wait.
Can't get it started.
Belongs to my father. that's why.
SHRI. AKHANDANAND TRIPATHI
Tried talking Papa out of it.
But he didn't listen.
I have decided.
You and Dimpy will be staying with me.
It's not safe here.
You are right. Guddu.
Family should stick together.
under one roof.
This is my home.
You're not getting it.
Papa isn't around.
Now. you and Dimpy are my responsibility.
I am not going anywhere.
Don't be so stubborn.
Being stubborn is what this family
is known for. Guddu.
My stubborn mother.
Danger lurks around.
Try to understand.
With me. you will be safe.
I am the mother
of Mirzapur's biggest don.
Who would be safer than me
in this city?
You are a don. aren't you?
Guddu is a gangster. after all.
We can create several enemies
against him.
And we have a handful of officers
who are experts in this.
They will handle it.
How much will it cost?
You have a free hand.
Just no harm should come
to my mother-in-law and her son.
Guddu is holding them captive.
Yes.
And it shouldn't lead back to me.
Yes. madam.
Any news of Mr. Tripathi?
Nothing yet.
And criminals like him
often go into hiding
after executing something big.
It's normal for them.
Don't forget.
He is also a minister.
Yes. madam.
What is wrong?
Son. it's okay.
Don't you dare turn on the TV. Radhiya.
Come on.
Don't be so superstitious.
This will calm him down immediately.
Whether the wolf's cub
is raised by a deer or a wolf.
it doesn't change who he is.
And the cub knows this.
Grass and leaves
won't satiate their hunger.
They need meat.
-Which is why wolves move in small packs.
-Didn't I tell you?
-Golu ma'am is back.
-And they also teach the cubs to hunt.
In the initial days.
the cubs are close to their mother.
Golu ma'am. I made lemonade for you.
I'll have it later.
Okay.
How long will you keep shooting
in the dark?
Take a step back
and come up with something different.
We are running out of time.
Why. what happened?
A meeting has been called
for next week.
Who has called for this meeting?
A summon has come
from West Uttar Pradesh.
Abbas Ali Mir has sent his man
to choose the leader for Purvanchal.
Why is the West interfering?
That's the tradition.
In a similar situation. our people
go over there to choose their leader.
As a mediator.
My grandma lives near Azamgarh.
Okay. fine.
I had no clue.
Without Kaleen Bhaiya's body.
making a claim
to the throne won't be easy.
What if the body isn't found?
We must find a way
to assert our right to the throne.
We won't make the same mistake
that Kaleen Bhaiya did.
Letting us live.
No one's more eager than me
to see his dead body.
But the conditions
under which he disappeared...
Someone on the inside...
is keeping him safe.
Golu. I saw how focused
you were while taking revenge.
But I wouldn't have survived
all these years in this house
if I had stuck to one plan.
Clear all this from here quickly.
Why is the West getting so restless?
This matter falls in the east.
We'll deal with it.
Don't worry. I'll handle it.
No one will dare to go against you.
But why let it come to that?
She is right.
We must get in touch with other dons
and strengthen our position.
Purvanchal should feel your presence.
I am not going anywhere.
Send a message to all the dons.
Tell them to come to Mirzapur
and prove their loyalty.
Or face my wrath.
Guddu Pandit is such a dimwit.
Forget coming to the meeting.
He wants us to prove our loyalty.
He is a simpleton.
Blabbers whatever comes to his head.
He dares to challenge us
because he thinks he sits on the throne.
Let him.
Use this to your advantage.
Leave now.
Meet up with the other dons.
And sway them over to your side.
Okay.
We just need to generate
sympathy for Kaleen Bhaiya.
Let Guddu make useless threats.
-Okay. sir.
-Okay.
-So long.
-See you.
See you.
We will go together.
Leaning on pawns
to reassure your claim?
The king himself should make a move
on such occasions.
To make his presence felt.
Go and meet the West's mediator in person.
JAUNPUR
WEST
Not everyone who arrives is a guest.
Please sit.
Mr. Munnawar is finishing his dinner.
-Some people are customers too.
-Okay.
And the guest and the customer both...
Excellent!
Come. Sir is calling you.
Come. Mr. Shukla. Take a seat.
Thank you.
Bring a plate for him.
No. thank you. I've eaten.
Doesn't matter.
Have a bite with me.
Please. serve him.
Mr. Shukla.
I was just asking them...
Who gets the credit
for preparing delicious meat?
The recipe...
or the chef?
None of the above.
The delicacy of the meat depends
on how precisely it's been cut.
So the taste is decided
in the butcher shop.
I was right about you.
You are a very smart and measured man.
But being measured can also...
get you left behind.
Purvanchal needs a leader.
Are you that leader?
Straight. Hold it.
It's tremendous progress.
Let go.
Good.
Now relax.
Doctor. my body feels drained out.
Can I start exercising again?
Of course. you can.
Greetings. Guddu Bhaiya.
Tell him what you were telling me.
Sharad's giving it all he's got.
His men met with all the dons.
Provoking them against you two.
Don't worry.
Whoever shows up for the meeting
will have to go through Allahabad first.
Loyalty or bullet.
This is a time for consolidation.
not violence.
Violence is my USP.
Violence sends the right message.
What message can be bigger
than attacking Kaleen Bhaiya?
The result is still not in our favor.
We are contenders now.
not challengers.
You have a problem
with the West interfering.
But they are not completely wrong.
One state. one police. and one law...
both are interlinked.
They want to maintain stability.
We are new on the block.
Won't be right to challenge tradition.
Our absence will
send the wrong message.
And we'll also get to know
who all are with us.
We should go.
But...
only one contender is allowed per seat.
So...
I will wait outside.
My leg is fine now.
So I am not going.
Golu. peace talks.
and debates are not up my alley.
Don't force me to go.
Things can go south.
You are letting your
weakness control you.
No one would dare
to challenge you except Sharad.
He will try to provoke you.
You just need to stay in control.
That's one thing I don't know how.
The road we chose
led us to the throne of Mirzapur.
This is a different game.
and too much is at stake.
And you'll need brains
along with brawn for this game.
You are my brain.
Which you are not using.
Leave.
Leave. Golu.
-Hello.
Shall we?
Come.
Greetings. sir.
Has everyone arrived?
All except Mirzapur.
Any confirmation yet?
No.
Let us begin.
-Yes.
-Come.
As you all know.
I. Munnawar Niazi. as per tradition.
on behalf of Mirza Abbas Ali Mir.
have come to mediate the decision
about Mirzapur's throne.
The question posed here is.
who will lead Purvanchal
in its current state?
According to tradition.
the leader of Mirzapur
also leads Purvanchal.
And after killing Munna.
Guddu Pandit is the undisputed leader.
But Kaleen Bhaiya was ruling Mirzapur.
Not Munna.
-You are right. brother.
-That's true.
A don's supremacy is associated
with his legacy and heritage.
A man who cannot honor tradition
isn't fit to be a ruler.
The throne only favors those who
maintain a balance of brain and brawn.
What is your suggestion?
Let Jaunpur take charge.
The entire Purvanchal is swaying...
to the tune of Sharad Shukla.
They got Jaunpur in charity.
They want the same with the throne.
So. that ends this debate.
The throne is right here.
And so is Guddu Pandit.
Our vote goes to you. Sharad.
Go for it.
-Now that's more like it.
-Absolutely right.
-We are on your side.
Please don't try to be a wiseass.
I don't want to
end up insulting you as well.
And Mr. Munnawar.
I am not a contender.
I rightfully own the throne.
Even dogs claim a right to their master.
Like you did to Kaleen Bhaiya.
The lion. no matter how quiet.
is always the king of the jungle.
And a mad dog. no matter
how strong. has to be put to sleep.
Your family is fantastic.
Father was a teacher
and loved the alphabet.
His son thinks Purvanchal is a zoo.
Do you have a small pin charger?
He will need it.
Who got thrashed like a dog in Baliya?
Do I have to remind you?
And even after proving your might.
You are here still trying
to contest your supremacy.
I attack from the front. not the back.
Interesting.
I have erased the Tripathis
from Mirzapur for good.
Has Kaleen Bhaiya's body been found?
-Not yet.
-No.
-No. right?
I see.
I thought you were all dons.
You all are guards of a graveyard.
Sitting here to count bodies.
-The body count is necessary. Pandit.
-Really?
Not just of your enemies.
but family too.
He's lost three lives
because of this hooliganism.
Do you remember.
or do you need the charger now?
One of them wasn't even born.
Leave him. Guddu Bhaiya.
Sharad Bhaiya...
Sir. let him go!
Sharad. No.
Stop them.
Guddu Bhaiya!
-Calm down.
-Guddu Bhaiya. not here.
Okay. fine.
We owe "crime-free" UP to you two.
The meeting clearly indicates...
that there are two contenders
for the throne.
Guddu Pandit and Sharad Shukla.
So you two have until Dussehra.
Prove yourself.
And strengthen your claim
on Purvanchal.
The throne belonged to Mirzapur...
Special instructions from Mr. Hakim.
No bloodshed until Dussehra.
Otherwise. our cooperation...
will turn into interference.
The meeting is adjourned till Dussehra.
Raising your heel
doesn't make you taller. Sharad.
And tall people must
look down while walking. Pandit.
Soon. Purvanchal will sway...
to the tune of Sharad Shukla.
Where are you getting
this newfound courage from?
Kaleen Bhaiya.
But we've scouted all his areas.
And he knows that
he's a step ahead of us.
SIWAN 7 KM
Greetings. sir.
There is a risk of sepsis shock.
We'll have to induce a coma.
Take the risk
and bring him back to consciousness.
He is no good to me in a coma.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm